[Docs] 8.15.4 release notes (#198565)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

* Fixes the pagination of the source documents data grid in Transforms ({kibana-pull}196119[#196119]).
* Fixes autocomplete suggestions after a comma in Console ({kibana-pull}189656[#189656]).

[[release-notes-8.15.4]]
== {kib} 8.15.4

The 8.15.4 release includes the following bug fixes.

[float]
[[fixes-v8.15.4]]
=== Bug fixes
Dashboards and visualizations::
* Fixes incomplete string escaping and encoding in *TSVB* ({kibana-pull}196248[#196248]).
* Adds scroll margin to panels ({kibana-pull}193430[#193430]).
* Fixes an issue where label truncation in heat map legends was not working properly in *Lens* ({kibana-pull}195928[#195928]).
Discover::
* Fixes the width for saved object Type column ({kibana-pull}194388[#194388]).
Elastic Observability solution::
* Changes the slice outcome from bad to good whenever there is no data during the slice window ({kibana-pull}196942[#196942]).
Elastic Search solution::

> * Fixes a bug with the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/8.15/connectors-network-drive.html[Network Drive connector] where advanced configuration fields were not displayed for CSV file role mappings with `Drive Type: Linux` selected ({kibana-pull}195567[#195567]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with the {ref}/connectors-network-drive.html[Network Drive connector] where advanced configuration fields were not displayed for CSV file role mappings with `Drive Type: Linux` selected ({kibana-pull}195567[#195567]).
```
This is the variable for elasticsearch guide links

> * Fixes a bug with the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/8.15/connectors-network-drive.html[Network Drive connector] where advanced configuration fields were not displayed for CSV file role mappings with `Drive Type: Linux` selected ({kibana-pull}195567[#195567]).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug with the {ref}/es-connectors-network-drive.html[Network Drive connector] where advanced configuration fields were not displayed for CSV file role mappings with `Drive Type: Linux` selected ({kibana-pull}195567[#195567]).
```

Elastic Security solution::
For the Elastic Security 8.15.4 release information, refer to {security-guide}/release-notes.html[_Elastic Security Solution Release Notes_].
Kibana platform::
* Fixes an issue causing the wrong date to show in the header of a report when generated from a relative date ({kibana-pull}197027[#197027]).
* Fixes an issue with the export options for PNG/PDF reports in a dashboard ({kibana-pull}192530[#192530]).
Kibana security::

> * Automatic Import no longer returns an "Invalid ECS field" message when the ECS mapping slightly differs from the expected format. For example, `date_format` instead of `date_formats` ({kibana-pull}195167[#195167]).

Reviewer 3: @florent-leborgne you might be able to remove 195167 from the Kibana release notes. We've been including Automatic Import PRs in the Security release notes for a couple of releases now. 
cc: @benironside

Reviewer: Oh good to know, I might have left a few of those in the previous ones as well. Thanks!!
cc @wajihaparvez

> Kibana security::
> * Automatic Import no longer returns an "Invalid ECS field" message when the ECS mapping slightly differs from the expected format. For example, `date_format` instead of `date_formats` ({kibana-pull}195167[#195167]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Based on Nastasha's comment earlier
